Hey guys, to give you some background for the website, here's what's going on short-term. We're kicking off several pilot programs right now, actively working to raise our next funding round, trying to nail down a distribution partner in the church market (i.e., a church tech company with a large existing customer base like PCO, MinistryBrands, etc.), and getting ready for a full commercial launch in Q3. I'm seeing the website as a key piece to establish our legitimacy and brand presence. It'll also be super helpful for building our audience through a sign-up, bringing on more pilot churches, and giving potential partners, investors, and anyone else interested a solid understanding of what we're all about.
Of course, and as always, I'm open to your direction, but my initial idea for the main message at the top of the site is to really focus on how eciple is the first comprehensive tech that makes one-to-one discipleship programs at scale possible (Although I don't know if the word 'scale' is a good word for this type of site). The big problem is somewhat twofold: current discipleship methods, primarily content-heavy group formats, aren't producing the desired outcomes, and there's widespread agreement that the one-to-one mentoring model of discipleship is the most effective and in-demand model from churches, ministries, and individual Christians. I really want to emphasize that finally, there's a comprehensive tech solution that easily enables any church or ministry to build and manage one-to-one discipleship programs, regardless of audience size. Basically, I want to get across that we're the only tech platform exclusively built for one-to-one discipleship for ministries.
I also wanna make it clear that this is not just some idea but the platform is completely built and in use. Additionally I am trying to position the platform name distinct name from the company name - so the product name we have been using is “The One-To-One Discipleship Enablement Platform.” Then I want to continue to position the eciple overall brand as the one to one discipleship technology company as my hopes are to expand the product offering beyond this first product
